hey guys there's cushion for here with a
new video for you guys today I'm
reviewing the S cultures Android 20 or
doctors euro from the S culture zenkai
Tenkaichi Budokai vol 1 but presto
figure Colosseum is from the first
release of ice cultures figures so ok
let's take a close look at the box here
so right up top it says as cultures then
presto the figure right on the front of
dr0 android 20 and i like the background
to this box to these boxes i don't know
we just
it looks rheumatic no on the side here
another view of the figure right there
right on the back figure again and the
other figures in the line of course I
guess they talked about how they came
about making the figure right there on
this side doctor zero the figure again
and we're 20 and up top been pressure
figure colosseum the name of the figure
and the toe a sticker okay so that's it
for the box let's check out the figure
okay so here is the doctor 0 under 20
outside of the box and he looks freakin
awesome like the detail on this the
realistic look they gave him I don't
think I've really seen this on any other
doctor Jarreau under 20 figure really I
mean I love it it looks like he came to
life really so let's take a close look
at the figure right there okay so there
he is you can see all the creases and
lines on it you see the wrinkles on his
face right there you can also take off
his hat and see his brain you can see
how that looks right there kind of gross
but it really adds to the figure a lot
ok so we go down we see the detail on
his pants on his hands really his shoes
and everything right on this side we see
the wrinkles on the side of his face
it's crazy
his
here the weights shapes his veins on his
hands the folds of his pants on the back
here we could see all that detail on his
hair like the spikes just protruding out
it looks really freakin cool and of
course his a banky pants you can see how
baggy they are from how they added those
folds and wrinkles and the side of the
figure let me show you how tall he is
with the base he is right about with his
hat as well he is a bit above 8 inches
and without the base he is like seven
and a half inches decently sized figure
big enough that you can see all the
detail if you take a good look at it so
now let me show you a 360 view of him ok
guys so here is a 360 view of bathroom
okay guys so that's it on dr. guru
Andrew 20 I got him for 23 bucks as well
23 25 bucks on eBay
I don't know I just keep getting good
deals on these s cultures figures if you
can get them for that cheap you have to
get by them because it's just so worth
that price it really is worth that price
so if you see it for that cheap I
totally totally recommend it
they're amazing edition seed collection
because they look so detailed and they
fit well with everything else I mean
they also kind of stand out because of
all the detail and realistic look or
whatever look they have - one that all
of them have this look so ok guys until
the next review peace